The core of Aximmetry software is our own developed 3D render engine that can be programmed through a highly flexible node-based user-interface. On the top of this core, we have built specialized applications targeting the fields of broadcasting, stage performances and presentations.
We exploit the abilities of todays graphics hardware: for example a virtual studio interior can be rendered in a previously unseen complexity and visual quality.
When used on a stage, the projected visuals can be real-time generated 2D or 3D imagery, therefore they can be interactively shaped by the performer. Customized intuitive control interfaces can be created for the needs of presentations and video installations.
Aximmetry achieves seamless integration of real and virtual environments with the interaction of virtual lights and real world objects.
The advanced keyer enables the keying of realistic contact shadows and the software can cast virtual shadows on the talent and can combine these seamlessly with the life-like shadows generated by the talent itself.
Finally, Aximmetry's light wrap effect blurs the boundaries between the physical and virtual space.
Aximmetry’s built-in, advanced keyer provides superior results for keying transparent objects, contact shadows and fine details such as hair.
It can handle broadcast quality real-time in 4K with GPU accelerated rendering at a fraction usage of GPU.
With Aximmetry you can achieve highly customizable cinematic composites in real-time (for example: realistic light wrapping).
Aximmetry allows you to increase your keying quality by using a Clean Plate which enables measuring and compensating the unevenness of the green screen.
The software handles typical edge errors extremely well. Provides automatic color correction including spill suppression.
Aximmetry’s highly flexible interactive graphics programming interface enables users to create broadcast quality content even with just one fixed camera and a gamers PC by construction of interactive scenes and effects utilising virtual lights, virtual camera movements and Augmented Reality.
Content created in Aximmetry can be live-streamed directly to YouTube or Facebook.
It also offers solutions for handling real-time audience participation via second screen devices.
Using the content and scene editor, Composer, it is easy to build up the 3D virtual scenes and connections in the Aximmetry virtual studio software, which enable high level of interactivity during the live show. 3D models can be imported into Aximmetry from all well-known modelling software through COLLADA format.
For more complex productions there is the Broadcast Edition of the software, which can integrate any camera tracking device, capable of receiving depth information and offers unlimited SDI ports and 4K-SDI.
Aximmetry is an all-in-one solution including its own Chroma Keyer. No need to buy separate modules and extensions for 2D graphics, 3D virtual studio, real-time LED wall control, video wall display, projection or mixed reality projects – the software includes all of them.
Aximmetry’s on-stage controller surface, called Performer is a unique interface designed for touch-screen, which in addition to providing user and audience experience, highly speeds up and facilitates the interaction, and owing to multi-touch technology enables a virtuoso performance.
The software has all the already known ordinary modes of playing and setting, moreover new technologies and subtle hints help the performer to align the visual materials to the music or to the dynamically changing environment more precisely during the performance. Masking, distorting, panorama showing, live image effecting– all this in real time.
With the help of Composer, the internal content editor every possible need of composers and artists can be completely satisfied. The already prepared visual contents can be played dynamically, synchronized with high precision to any external device or even to delayed or inaccurate theatrical, orchestral events. From the simple abstract contents to the latest hype 3D animations can be realized nicely thanks to the DirectX 11 based graphics engine; the used hardware is the only limit.
The 3D contents depending on its creations give complete freedom to the performer during the performance unlike in the case of pre-prepared movies where one can change only the speed of playing or effecting it subsequently. Furthermore extra features help the job like Composer which can be used for the pre-assembled materials without long-term renderings, the compilations and modifications can be seen in real time, can be fine tuned on the spot saving hours or even days.
The built-in recording mode makes it easier to record rehearsals and performances without using expensive and combined external tools. The synchronized content of a complete performance can be recorded by separated input and output tracks: including projection, sounds, lights and optionally connected devices. The recorded material can be modified subsequently, and due its small size can be easily shared online.
Due to its network architecture the performance-systems can be scaled optionally, can be used for gigantic projections using large number of computers and projectors. Remote system eliminates the limitation of long distances; the performer does not have to be on the spot any more. Control, content management and performance broadcasting can be realized far away from the projector device via the Internet using even smart-phones or tablets.
It is expected of today’s Exhibitors to actively engage Visitors.
Interactivity provided by Aximmetry automated systems can create a layered visitor experience to achieve a deeper understanding of an exhibit by engaging the senses and using modes of presentation Visitors are familiar with from other devices (e.g. touch screens).
In installations created with Aximmetry, both User and Machine each take a role. The resulting interactive media allows for intuitive use and promotes dialogic communication.
Organizations can use interactive media for surpassing basic marketing and forming positive relationships with their customers. In other words brand-building.